extraction/README.md, before:

The script `run_extraction_and_selfcal.py` works both on single clusters, with coordinates cluster name provided, and with a FITS table with a list of clusters; in this latter case, the table needs to have Name, RAJ2000, DEJ2000 columns). This is made of two independent steps:

- the extraction, where the pointing is downloaded and sources outside a given region are subtracted. It requires a macaroon to connect to the LoTSS database (provided only by request to gabriella.digennaro@inaf.it)
- the selfcal, performed using `facetselfcal v17.14` in auto mode (4 cycles of phase only and 6 cycles of amp+phase calibration). Possibly, you can add/decrease selfcal cycle by adding `--stop NCYCLES` to the `facetselfcal` command (see https://github.com/rvweeren/lofar_facet_selfcal/tree/main)
 
It needs to be ran inside `flocs v6.1.0` (https://public.spider.surfsara.nl/project/lofarvwf/fsweijen/containers/)

Examples of how to run the script, for a cluster list:

`python run_extraction_and_selfcal.py -c CLUSTERLIST.fits [–-doextraction] [--doselfcal]`

and for a single cluster:

`python run_extraction_and_selfcal.py -i CLUSTERNAME --RA CLUSTER_RA --DEC CLUSTER_DEC [--size 0.4] [–-doextraction] [--doselfcal]`

Issues and fix are available at this doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vPrjBnpE0didmAeQlA2b2FeRBY8AqJ5rVkOfs9CEp-g/edit?usp=sharing

Commit message:

Update README with subfolder creation details
Added information about subfolder creation and example command.

extraction/README.md, after:

The script `run_extraction_and_selfcal.py` works both on single clusters, with coordinates cluster name provided, and with a FITS table with a list of clusters; in this latter case, the table needs to have Name, RAJ2000, DEJ2000 columns). This is made of two independent steps:

- the extraction, where the pointing is downloaded and sources outside a given region are subtracted. It requires a macaroon to connect to the LoTSS database (provided only by request to gabriella.digennaro@inaf.it)
- the selfcal, performed using `facetselfcal v17.14` in auto mode (4 cycles of phase only and 6 cycles of amp+phase calibration). Possibly, you can add/decrease selfcal cycle by adding `--stop NCYCLES` to the `facetselfcal` command (see https://github.com/rvweeren/lofar_facet_selfcal/tree/main)
 
It needs to be ran inside `flocs v6.1.0` (https://public.spider.surfsara.nl/project/lofarvwf/fsweijen/containers/).

From the run directory, it will create subfolders with the CLUSTERNAMEs.

Examples of how to run the script, for a cluster list:

`python run_extraction_and_selfcal.py -c CLUSTERLIST.fits [–-doextraction] [--doselfcal]`

and for a single cluster:

`python run_extraction_and_selfcal.py -i CLUSTERNAME --RA CLUSTER_RA --DEC CLUSTER_DEC [--size 0.4] [–-doextraction] [--doselfcal]`

Issues and fix are available at this doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vPrjBnpE0didmAeQlA2b2FeRBY8AqJ5rVkOfs9CEp-g/edit?usp=sharing
